feat(in-line-alert): S2 migration (#3659)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/big-jars-pump.md

---
`@spectrum-css/inlinealert`: major
---

#### S2 migration in-line alert

> This migrates the `in-line alert` component to S2. Custom properties have been remapped and added per the design specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migrates the `in-line alert` component to Spectrum 2. Custom properties have been updated and added per the design specification.
```

Minor wording nit

> Subtle and bold treatments have been added for each badge variant.

Reviewer: Can we add a note here about how the customer might use these new treatments? Maybe show a markup example?

Author: Can do! Added some notes and markup examples for each. ✨

`--mod-inlinealert-spacing-header-to-icon`

##### New custom properties

`.spectrum-InLineAlert--info--bold`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--info--bold .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--info--subtle`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--info--subtle .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--negative--bold`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--negative--bold .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--negative--subtle`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--negative--subtle .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--neutral`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--neutral .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--neutral--bold`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--neutral--bold .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--neutral--subtle`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--neutral--subtle .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--notice--bold`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--notice--bold .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--notice--subtle`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--notice--subtle .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--positive--bold`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--positive--bold .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`
`.spectrum-InLineAlert--positive--subtle`

> `.spectrum-InLineAlert--positive--subtle .spectrum-InLineAlert-icon`

Reviewer: These are updated selectors - did you want them to be in here with the updated properties or in a separate section?

Author: Oops! Those should have been custom properties — updating the changelog and verified added/removed custom properties and mods against `metadata.json`. 😵‍💫

I would _love_ to hack on generating these changelog sections programmatically at some point. 🤔
